1. How to check if git is available on your system?
Ans) You can check whether Git is installed and what version you are using by opening up a terminal window in Linux or Mac, or a command prompt window in Windows,
     and typing the following command: git --version.

2) How to initialize a new git repository?
Ans) 1.Create a new repository on GitHub.com. 
     2.Open TerminalTerminalGit Bash.
     3.Change the current working directory to your local project.
     4.Use the init command to initialize the local directory as a Git repository.
     5.Add the files in your new local repository. 
     6.Commit the files that you've staged in your local repository.

3) How to tell git about your name and email?
Ans) The Username :- git config --global user.name "<your_username>"
     The Email :- git config --global user.email "<your_email>"

4) How to add a file to the staging area?
Ans) Add files to the staging area by using the "git add" command and passing necessary options. Commit files to the local repository using the "git commit -m <message>" command. 

5) How to remove a file from the staging area?
Ans) Removing stuff with git: just remove any file, remove files from the staging area, how to remove files that were not supposed to be added, and how to remove everything.
 $ git rm <file-name>
 $ git commit -m "Remove old file"

6) How to make a commit?
Ans) To add a Git commit message to your commit, you will use the git commit command followed by the -m flag and then your message in quotes. Adding a Git commit message
     should look something like this: git commit -m "This is our program.”

7) How to send your changes to a remote repository?
Ans) To push the commit from the local repo to your remote repositories, run git push -u remote-name branch-name where remote-name is the nickname the local repo uses 
     for the remote repositories and branch-name is the name of the branch to push to the repository. You only have to use the -u option the first time you push.
8) What is the difference between clone and pull?
Ans) git clone is how you get a local copy of an existing repository to work on. git pull (or git fetch + git merge ) is how you update that local copywith new commits 
from the remote repository.git clone is used for just downloading exactly what is currently working on the remote server repository and savingit in your machine's
folder where that project is placed. Mostly it is used only when we are going to upload the project for the first time. After that pull is the better option.

